Finding where to store,
...share and use your
data in such a way...
...that it's accessible from
anywhere, is hard.
And when teamwork is involved,
...it gets even harder.
What are your options?
You can send files
as e-mail attachments,
...but can't upload
more than 25 megabytes.
You can set up an FTP server,
...having to download and upload...
...everytime a file is changed.
You can use an
external hard drive,
...along with the danger
of losing your files...
...if it fails.
Wish there was an
easier and safer way?
Now there's.
With Dropbox...
...you can access your
files from anywhere.
You've got a lot of storage...
...for all of your files,
shared folders and documents...
...file versioning and recovery,
...and lots more...
...all in a secured environment.
Just drag and Dropbox.